[sobbing]
[TATSUMA]
No, no, no, no!
[MOTHER] How'll you ever
grow big and strong
if you're so picky, Hiyu?
No!
What do you say about
casting a little magic?
to your meal today, Hiyu?
[TATSUMA]
Huh?
[TATSUMA gasping]
Strawberries...
[MOTHER laughs]
Here you go, drink up.
Oh! Oh, it's so good!
You certainly do love
your strawberries.
[TATSUMA]
Uh. Yeah, I love them!
[NEWS CASTERS chattering]
[MARIA]
What's the matter, Misato?
Your current grades have not
been the usual high marks
as they should be.
With the big exams coming up,
this is no time to slouch.
[AOI]
I'm sorry...
Considering your past grades,
I'm sure you'll be fine, but...
If you are having any problems,
come talk to me, okay?
I'll do what I can to help.
[AOI]
Yes, ma'am. Thank you very much.
Oh, by the way...
does Hiyu seem okay to you?
Huh?
[MARIA] He was out all
of last week, you know?
I wouldn't expect him to be
out sick. I must admit he
seems like he's always
drifting off. Heh.
[laughs]
KOMAKI
Hmm... grades, huh?
You wanted to be
a teacher, right?
[AOI]
Yeah, for now at least.
What do you want to do?
Heh... haven't decided yet.
Not yet? But you had career
counseling, didn't you?
Sure I have, but still... Aww,
what do I want to be anyway?
What is it, Daigo?
What's on your mind?
You know you can tell us.
[YUUYA]
Well...
Huh? A business card?
"Mr. Nakamura. Chairman.
No nonsense wrestling."
You mean you've been scouted?
That's awesome! What are
you going to do, Daigo?
[YUUYA] Well, uh, a-actually
I don't know about the...
How should I put it?
It's like...
[KOMAKI]
Man, you guys are set!
So Aoi's gonna be a teacher, and
Daigo's gonna be a pro wrestler?
[YUUYA]
Um, no! You see...
I guess that's how it goes.
Besides, our big
fight's over now.
Gotta think what's
ahead for all of us.
[KOMAKI sighs]
The future, huh?
[KYOUICHI]
Snake eyes! [laughs]
The world of gambling
has no mercy, eh, guys?
No way... No way!
[KYOUICHI]
C'mon. Hand over the rest
of those yakisoba rolls
you got there.
[AZUMABASHI] That's one
week's worth of lunch!
[AZUMABASHI]
Huh? Um, Boss?
Something fell
from your sleeve.
[TATSUMA] Kyouichi,
are you cheating again?
There are also those of us
who have no plans at all.
[AOI laughs]
What's it been, a couple weeks?
[GIRLS]
Huh?
[AOI]
Tatsuma!
I'll look after him.
Pullin' out that dangerous
thing again, huh?
Don't go trying to steal the
spotlight there, Doom 'n Gloom.
Aoi?
[AOI]
Uh... It's nothing!
So then, have you
decided on a name?
[WOMAN] We're considering the
brush strokes in the name
to make sure the
baby has good luck.
[IWAYAMA laughs]
Considering the luck is fine,
but what's most important
is that the name reflects your
feelings, regardless of how
"lucky" it might be.
[SAGAYA chanting]
What's this?
Training again today?
Yes!
It's really great how
you're out here every day.
Good job, Sagaya!
Uh, it's nothing. Dr. Iwayama
was kind enough to teach me
some incantations. That way
maybe I could help out
sometimes, and maybe
help out Misato.
Or something.
Uh...? [yelps]
Heh, nice Afro!
It's really smokin'!
[RYUZAN]
Kisaragi, it is your decision.
There is more than
one path open to you.
Consider wisely.
[exhales]
[KISARAGI]
Master...
I do not know what
my path may be.
[YUUYA]
Hey, Houraiji!
Do you know if there's
somethin' the matter with Hiyu?
He went sprinting across campus
like his pants were on fire.
Why you askin' me?
[laughs] Hiyu's been giving him
the cold shoulder lately.
Huh, Houraiji?
Komaki.
Actually, the past two or three
days, he's been walking around
grinning from ear-to-ear.
Yeah. Well not as much
as today, though.
I'll be glad to head over
to Koni's place with you.
Could you cut out
the bizarre sympathy?
[ANKO laughs]
I think I hear my cue!
Not again.
--[gasps]
--What the hell...
You little--
Where the heck did
you come from?
[KYOUICHI]
You serious?!
That's pretty interesting!
[ANKO]
Hey, wait! That's my story--
don't you steal it from me!
Get back here!
Sounds interesting!
Hey, I'll go, too!
Wait, guys! We can't do this
just for our amusement!
[INUGAMI]
As noisy as ever...
[MAN] Hey! How's it goin'?
Got your carrots here.
Thanks for the delivery.
[sniffing]
Huh. From Shizuoka
this time, eh?
What? No way!
We get carrots imported
straight from China!
Well, see ya!
[TATSUMA]
This is tea,
and these are rice crackers,
and this is, um...
Hiyums!
Thank you for the snacks,
but if we were to eat all that,
our poor bellies would be
sticking out to here!
[TATSUMA]
Huh? But...
--What's this?
--Who's that?
Uh. Hello!
Oh, my. Is she one of your
friends from school?
Uh, yeah...
What?! You're a potter?
Nice! So you're an artist.
Oh, no! It's more like a hobby.
[ANKO] So you just had a
personal exhibition here?
Yes. It's really quite an honor.
What's the matter? Why so
glum, huh... Hiyums?
[KYOUICHI laughs]
Oh yeah, I heard it. "Hiyums."
C'mon! Mom!
What is it, my little Hiyums?
What is it, Hiyums?
You're Aoi Misato.
Uh-- Yes!
You're just like he described
in his letters.
A very pretty young lady.
Oh, wow... No, not really!
Well, I do hope
that you and Hiyu
continue to get along.
[AOI]
Yes ma'am!
[YUUYA]
Hmm... guess the apple
doesn't fall far
from the trees, huh?
[KOMAKI]
No kidding!
I kinda feel like we've
discovered Hiyu's secret now.
Right, Hiyums?
What's the matter, Hiyums?
Yeah, really, Hiyums!
Your parents are really
quite nice, Tatsuma.
You know they're
my foster parents.
[GROUP]
Huh?
I'm adopted. Now you know.
Doesn't mean a thing.
[YUUYA]
What happened to Kisaragi?
[KOMAKI] Ever since that crazy
day, his shop's been closed.
Wonder if he's got something
else going on now...
Komaki!
But...
Sorry.
[KYOUICHI]
Tatsuma?
What's the matter?
It's nothing.
[MEN laughing, chattering]
[MAN A] Hey! You're lookin'
pretty out of it there, girlie!
[MAN B]
They call it "amnesia"
when you can't
remember nothin', right?
[MAN C] Depressing to see
a young thing...
ALAN Hey, girl! C'mon over here!
This stuff is deelish.
You come have some sushi
with us now, y'hear?
[GROUP]
Yeah!
That's right, girlie,
you join in, too!
[MAN D]
You wanna be friends with us?!
Here we go.
[AZUMABASHI]
Odds!
But it's even. Take a look.
Eh! Again?!
Jeez. Where'd you
learn the game?
Amazing! Please let me
be your student!
[TSUTSUMIDORI]
Hey, you got visitors, Boss.
So this is where you've been.
She your girlfriend,
Boss? [groans]
Meow.
Hi.
Komaki #2.
[KOMAKI'S DAD] Komaki,
take care of that delivery
once you've gotten changed.
[KOMAKI]
All right, Dad.
[HINANO]
Lady Komaki?
[KOMAKI]
Huh? Hinano?
[YUUYA] So you've
called everyone, right?
[KYOUICHI]
And going by the mood,
you probably didn't call us
here for a friendly dinner.
[RYUZAN]
Have a look at this.
[GROUP gasps]
[RYUZAN] It appears
he had been thoroughly infused
with the power of the Dark Arts.
There is not a trace
of decomposition.
[YUUYA] There's one thing
I don't quite understand.
[RYUZAN]
What might that be?
[YUUYA]
Kozunu was attempting to
bring back his ancestors,
who had been wiped out by
the Tokugawa Shogunate...
Is that right?
[RYUZAN]
Indeed.
[YUUYA] Then why would his
ancestors turn on him like that?
[RYUZAN] Their sleep must never
be disturbed, not by anyone.
Not even by their
own descendant.
[AOI] Then why would he
have even tried?
There is something that is
known as the "stars of fate."
Stars of fate?
[RYUZAN] All people of
this world are born under
a predetermined star,
and the path of
their life is guided
by this particular star.
[KOMAKI]
Like fate?
I suppose you
could call it that.
All of you coming together,
as well as your battle
against Tendo Kozunu,
was all guided by
the stars of fate.
[AOI]
Stars of fate...
Gimme a break.
You're tellin' me our lives are
decided from the moment
we're born?
That's fuckin' bullshit.
Lemme tell you something. That
ain't the reason I'm fighting.
I'm with this bunch
of my own free will.
And I fight of my
own free will, too.
That's all there is to it.
[RYUZAN]
And that is fine.
The stars of fate have not
predetermined all things.
Making use of the stars of fate,
or being victimized by them,
is also a matter of
one's own volition.
Your Bodhisattva Eye is
subject to the same principle.
Have you have spoken
to Doctor Iwayama?
[AOI]
Yes.
[IWAYAMA] The healing powers
of Aoi Misato's
Bodhisattva Eye
are fundamentally different
from my own.
I treat patients by sending
my own chi
into them to extract
their negative energy.
[MAIKO]
Yes.
However, she is different.
She does no more than activate
and draw out their vital energy.
It's not that she's actually
giving them strength.
[MAIKO] But if she's able to
save people that way, then...
There is a limit to the amount
of energy a single life holds.
If too much energy is
drawn out too suddenly...
You mean it could shorten
the subject's life?
Then resurrecting those who have
already lost their lives would--
[IWAYAMA] Would entail paying
a much harsher price
than losing some
of one's life force.
It's a dreadful power.
But if that is the star
of fate she bears...
[AOI]
If that is my star of fate,
I will take on this challenge.
Because I have my friends
in this fight.
If meeting all of you were
guided by my star of fate,
then I'm sure.
If you, Aoi Misato, are able
to better control your power,
then you'll be able
to use it to save lives.
If you persevere, I will do
all that is within my power
to assist you.
[AOI]
Thank you very much.
[KYOUICHI]
So why are we here?
Did you call us here just
to share that story with us?
That's not all, is it?
Uh? Lady Aoi!
Hisui?
[KISARAGI] Master... what is
the meaning of this?
I'm really glad. We were very
worried about you, Hisui.
[RYUZAN]
You went on a journey,
in order to have the ten sacred
treasures we recovered
sealed away once more.
That is yet another
responsibility
of the Kisaragi clan. Well done.
[KISARAGI]
It was nothing.
The treasures have been
successfully sealed.
I'll be taking my leave then...
Hold on!
Where are you going?
[KISARAGI]
If you'll excuse me...
[AOI]
No! Hisui!
Lady Aoi, you need to let me go.
Hisui, please don't go.
Listen to me.
Lad Aoi, forgive me, I need...
I need to...
[KYOUICHI]
You couldn't kill Aoi,
so you're ready to die, right?
Kisaragi.
Jeez... cut this shit out,
will ya, Doom 'n Gloom?
Hisui... here.
It fell apart into pieces,
so I picked them all up
and put it together.
I hope it's all right, Hisui.
I couldn't find all the beads,
there's still a few missing...
But it's a precious memory, so
I'd like you to have it again.
Please, Hisui... stay
with us the way you've--
The way you've been
with us this whole time.
[KISARAGI]
Lady Aoi...
--What's that?
--Huh? The barrier!
Kyouichi. Look.
Right.
Lady Aoi, please stand back.
[gasps] It's him.
That's impossible.
[AOI]
Kozunu...
[KISARAGI]
Tendo?!
[groaning]
Lady Aoi!
Let me go!
[KYOUICHI] Stop it, Aoi! There's
something wrong with him!
He's transforming into a demon!
[YUUYA]
Master, this is...
What the hell is that?
[RYUZAN] The power of the Dark
Arts is manifesting itself
through a spell that
someone has cast upon him.
The human we knew
as Tendo Kozunu
perished in the Todoroki Valley.
What stands before
us now is a demon,
fully changed in
both body and mind.
[DEMON growling]
Stay here, Lady Aoi!
[AOI]
Let go! I need to save him!
Let go!
[KISARAGI]
Absolutely not!
We gotta stop him.
It didn't do a thing!
The curse is very
strong with him!
What the hell?
He's not here to kill us.
[KOMAKI]
Houraiji!
[HINANO]
Make a square formation!
[gasps]
[BOTH grunting]
[barking]
The Horde.
Well, I ain't afraid of
any loyal demons, either!
Hey, fucker! It looks
like your five buddies
did us a favor and died quietly!
Time for you to get the hell
back to where you came from.
[roars]
[GRANDFATHER]
Kill that person!
Regardless of what their
circumstances may be!
[AOI]
I will fight.
[RYUZAN] There is more
than one path open to you.
There is more than
one path open to me.
[KYOUICHI] You promised
that you'd protect her.
So I guess that all of
that was just a lie?
Kill the person!
It's nice to meet you.
My name is Aoi Misato.
[AOI]
Komaki! Hinano!
Please! Stop all this!
[inaudible]
[AOI]
Hisui!
Lady Aoi!
Bastard. You will never...
[KISARAGI grunting]
[AOI]
Hisui... Hisui!
Hisui, hang on! Hisui!
Hisui!
[KISARAGI]
Lady Aoi...
[AOI]
Hisui...
[grunting]
Even if it costs me my life...
[AOI]
No!
That won't happen.
[AOI sobs]
I won't let it.
I won't let it!
I've had enough of this.
I don't want anyone else to die.
I won't let anyone die...
no matter what!
[KISARAGI]
Lady Aoi...
[KYOUICHI] Jeez, you sure
like to keep to yourself.
Hey. I'm with you all the way.
I'm here for you.
Kyouichi...
[roars]
[BOTH yelling]
[AOI] Why? He hadn't
taken anyone's life!
[TATSUMA]
He didn't mean to kill us.
[KYOUICHI] He probably wanted us
to finish him off.
[AOI] You suffered so much.
But it's over now.
Now you won't have
to suffer anymore.
[TENDO]
Mother! Mother!
Mother...
[TENDO]
Oh, Mother...
[YUUYA] Master, you said earlier
that someone else had...
[RYUZAN]
Hmm... Indeed.
One does not so easily
come across such power--
not even a descendant of
the powerful Kozunu clan.
Perhaps someone else
granted him powers...
[YUUYA] Maybe all this is
someone's calling card.
To let us know that
this isn't over yet.
[KOMAKI]
That's right. That must be it!
Aoi's gonna keep on
fighting till the end.
She'll fight until she
loses her own life.
If you're gonna die...
...make sure it's
only after Aoi.
Won't be too late then, will it?